BSR-702/managed mode enabled false shouldnt fail buf gen (#1552)
bufbuild/buf: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> - Allow setting `enabled: false` under `managed` in `buf.gen.yaml`, in which 
>   case `buf generate` will ignore managed mode options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When using managed mode, setting `enabled: false` now no longer fails `buf generate` 
  and instead prints a warning log and ignores managed mode options.
```
